How beautiful is love How beautiful is the
romance but now the time has come
to sing the stage panther from
baja california be flowers sing to me
I'm going from jesse joy
and
with a snake
are
blessed imposter
giving
you dazzled
that's
listening to me
he comes to his house
twenty
on Friday
m
yes no
ah
look for another life an illusion demonstrating
nothing
do not
and them
cádiz
and
martí
who plays
according to heel
forget
6 flowers
the Bengali stage flag towards
ahead
what happened how they saw her do to me
like the shell more now than the one
before
I insist I congratulate you because you see a
growth I loved what
you did there was fire on stage and
I want to recognize why you
you did very well and this goes for you but
for the others for all the companions
there are some who are falling behind
from as I say from this stage
they can not afford it there has to be
growth as there have been in five
Masias had stockings to cope with that
good and there would always be growth and
Do not stay stuck like some
students I think that one has to be
very demanding with oneself and always
try to overcome what you already did not
stagnate and I feel that some are
they are stagnating us then they have to
go on stage as if it were the
first and last time july wanted to say
something
I do not know what magic the paco has the truth
I do not know what else I have I think that well
How good it feels to be in love with the
You really have two Sundays
very very well I want to congratulate you
well what is it that miriam says that I noticed
that does not stagnate go grow up
growing to me personally gives me
I'm so glad to see you
watching today and then she is still in love
in love the truth that you feel very
all right
Vargas juice is inspired not good
of course that love and also the
lack of love inspire
artists I do not know which else what
let him do it but there is a song that
title surprises gives you life and how
Miriam well says in the competitions of
this guy there are many surprises that is
you may be one of them
Congratulations
I really liked one thing I liked that
you come down the steps and you fall
a clock there in the middle of a step what
you jump up on the
stairs you come do things here
in front of everything if there had been
been with closed eyes would not have
thought you were doing all that or
be the voice was always there was
sign that is the best thing to do
real scenario
we go with the other qualifications
it means saying something
be you have everything to be an artist
So the truth is that I think that
this is a lot the song yes I liked it
that you take care to accept what he says and
has to take care because you have very high heels
tall and I was like I panicked not but
it exists very well no letters is super
late
Of paco
the pot of paco bonito
may be nominated for several weeks
look at the past and this one I'm going
99 points rating
Martha
9 points miriam 9 points
the new all crossing point in this
moment
nine base points many congratulations
thank you thank you thank you